react-app-template/{{cookiecutter.app_name}}/README.md, before:

# {{cookiecutter.app_name.replace('-', ' ').title()}} react application

These instructions were generated by the `cookiecutter` template, feel free to update it based on actual application needs.

## Local development

### Requirements
 * `npm`

### Start application on development server
React application can be started by a single command:
```
$ cd {{cookiecutter.app_name}}
$ npm start
```
It will automatically start application on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Docker support
There is a multi-stage Dockerfile which can be used also for local validation
and mainly to the deployment in k8s.
Application is first build inside the `{{cookiecutter.docker_build_image_base}}` image
and the result static content is then added in `nginx` image

### Build docker image
```
$ docker build -t {{cookiecutter.app_name}} .
```

### Run application in docker
```
$ docker run -p {{cookiecutter.docker_application_port}}:{{cookiecutter.docker_application_port}} -it {{cookiecutter.app_name}}
```
You can access this application on [localhost:{{cookiecutter.docker_application_port}}](http://localhost:{{cookiecutter.docker_application_port}}).

## K8S support

Before proceeding, you should be aware of the k8s and CD basics.
Best place to start is [k8s developers guide](https://confluence.intgdc.com/display/plat/Kubernetes+Developers+Guideline)

### Continuous Deployment Integration
There is a generated file `.gdc-ii-config.yaml` and `Jenkinsfile` required
by our existing CD pipelines on [jenkins-ii](https://jenkins-ii.intgdc.com/).

If your repository is not yet configured, follow the steps described in
[k8s developers guide - ci-infra setup](https://confluence.intgdc.com/display/plat/Kubernetes+Developers+Guideline#KubernetesDevelopersGuideline-Step5-Definepipelinesinci-infrarepository).

To enable deployment of {{cookiecutter.helm_chart_name}} to our testing cluster,
you should update the [charts-config](https://github.com/gooddata/charts-config) repository.

More details can be found in [k8s developers guide - charts-config](https://confluence.intgdc.com/display/plat/Kubernetes+Developers+Guideline#KubernetesDevelopersGuideline-Step6-Defineserviceconfigurationincharts-configrepository).

### Testing of chart deployment on isolated k8s
You can deploy your own `k8s` instance type or `rat+k8s`. Alternatively you can
use local `minikube`.

To validate your application logic in chart, you can follow these steps:
 * build docker image and push it in [harbor](https://confluence.intgdc.com/display/plat/Kubernetes+Developers+Guideline#KubernetesDevelopersGuideline-DockerregistryforK8S)
```
$ docker login harbor.intgdc.com
$ docker tag {{cookiecutter.app_name}} harbor.intgdc.com/<your-namespace>/{{cookiecutter.app_name}}
$ docker push harbor.intgdc.com/<your-namespace>/{{cookiecutter.app_name}}
```
 * SSH to your k8s instance and clone the repository with the chart
```
$ ssh root@<k8s-instance-fqdn>
$ git clone git@github.com:<your-fork>/{{cookiecutter.target_github_repository}}.git
```
 * install the chart from git directory with custom image from harbor namespace
```
$ cd {{cookiecutter.target_github_repository}}/k8s/charts
$ helm upgrade --install {{cookiecutter.helm_chart_name}} {{cookiecutter.helm_chart_name}} \
    --set {{cookiecutter.k8s_values_first_level}}.{{cookiecutter.k8s_values_second_level}}.image.namespace=<your-namespace> \
    --wait --timeout 300
```
This will install the defined k8s objects in default namespaces (you can alternatively use
`--namespace <namespace>` in command above).
 * validate the created k8s objects
```
$ kubectl get pods
```

### Any issues?
Try to troubleshoot yourself, feel free to reach the [#proj-ii](https://app.slack.com/client/T02G0PHRH/C4JFVCW2V) slack channel or somebody
from II team when you are lost.

Commit message:

Update react template
Based on the real validation with datasource-management application.

Changes:
 * build command / image
 * network-policy
 * istio routing (gateway + virtualservice)
 * readme

react-app-template/{{cookiecutter.app_name}}/README.md, after:

# {{cookiecutter.app_name.replace('-', ' ').title()}} react application

These instructions were generated by the `cookiecutter` template, feel free to update it based on actual application needs.

## Local development

### Requirements
 * `npm`

### Start application on development server
React application can be started by a single command:
```
$ cd {{cookiecutter.app_name}}
$ npm start
```
It will automatically start application on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

## Docker support
There is a multi-stage Dockerfile which can be used also for local validation
and mainly to the deployment in k8s.
Application is first build inside the `{{cookiecutter.docker_build_image_base}}` image
and the result static content is then added in `nginx` image

### Build docker image
```
$ docker build -t {{cookiecutter.app_name}} .
```

### Run application in docker
```
$ docker run -p {{cookiecutter.docker_application_port}}:{{cookiecutter.docker_application_port}} -it {{cookiecutter.app_name}}
```
You can access this application on [localhost:{{cookiecutter.docker_application_port}}](http://localhost:{{cookiecutter.docker_application_port}}).

## K8S support

Before proceeding, you should be aware of the k8s and CD basics.
Best place to start is [k8s developers guide](https://confluence.intgdc.com/display/plat/Kubernetes+Developers+Guideline)

### Continuous Deployment Integration
There is a generated file `.gdc-ii-config.yaml` and `Jenkinsfile` required
by our existing CD pipelines on [jenkins-ii](https://jenkins-ii.intgdc.com/).

If your repository is not yet configured, follow the steps described in
[k8s developers guide - ci-infra setup](https://confluence.intgdc.com/display/plat/Kubernetes+Developers+Guideline#KubernetesDevelopersGuideline-Step5-Definepipelinesinci-infrarepository).

To enable deployment of {{cookiecutter.helm_chart_name}} to our testing cluster,
you should update the [charts-config](https://github.com/gooddata/charts-config) repository.

More details can be found in [k8s developers guide - charts-config](https://confluence.intgdc.com/display/plat/Kubernetes+Developers+Guideline#KubernetesDevelopersGuideline-Step6-Defineserviceconfigurationincharts-configrepository).

### Testing of chart deployment on isolated k8s
You can deploy your own `k8s` instance type or `rat+k8s`. Alternatively you can
use local `minikube`.

To validate your application logic in chart, you can follow these steps:
 * build docker image and push it in [harbor](https://confluence.intgdc.com/display/plat/Kubernetes+Developers+Guideline#KubernetesDevelopersGuideline-DockerregistryforK8S)
```
$ docker login harbor.intgdc.com
$ docker tag {{cookiecutter.app_name}} harbor.intgdc.com/<your-namespace>/{{cookiecutter.app_name}}
$ docker push harbor.intgdc.com/<your-namespace>/{{cookiecutter.app_name}}
```
 * SSH to your k8s instance and clone the repository with the chart
```
$ ssh root@<k8s-instance-fqdn>
$ git clone git@github.com:<your-fork>/{{cookiecutter.target_github_repository}}.git
```
 * install the chart from git directory with custom image from harbor namespace
```
$ cd {{cookiecutter.target_github_repository}}/k8s/charts
$ helm upgrade --install {{cookiecutter.helm_chart_name}} {{cookiecutter.helm_chart_name}} \
    --set {{cookiecutter.k8s_values_first_level}}.{{cookiecutter.k8s_values_second_level}}.image.namespace=<your-namespace> \
    --wait --timeout 300
```
This will install the defined k8s objects in default namespaces (you can alternatively use
`--namespace <namespace>` in command above).
 * validate the created k8s objects
```
$ kubectl get pods
```

### Application routing
To test the application via Ingress (Istio) endpoint, you can install some extension like `ModHeader` and define header
"Host: local.{{cookiecutter.k8s_service_name}}.{{cookiecutter.k8s_values_first_level}}.k8s.intgdc.com"
And then open the browser at: <k8s-instance/worker-url>:20080 and it should point you to the application.

For routing via GoodProxy on some specific URI, please reach Honeybadgers team to configure GoodProxy on defined clusters.

### Any issues?
Try to troubleshoot yourself, feel free to reach the [#proj-ii](https://app.slack.com/client/T02G0PHRH/C4JFVCW2V) slack channel or somebody
from II team when you are lost.
